now I already looked at the rat 7 on my
channel and that was the highest end of
the RIT rat series of well mice I guess
they're rats if you want to be really
technical about it
ok rat kind of like that so that is the
highest end from this series so now
we're going to have a look at the rat 3
which is the value rat Mouse so the
first thing that stands out about the
rat 3 is it lacks some of the
customization options of the rat 7 it
also is a lower dpi sensor so it is a
3200 dpi sensor so let's have a look at
what else se Tech has to say for this
particular Gaming Mouse ok 3200 dpi we
bought that next we have low friction
PTFE slick feet alright so what I
normally call slippy pads they're
calling slick feet I guess either one of
those terms will do and we have a gold
plated USB connector to make sure that
you've always got good contacts it's
going to be corrosion resistant all that
good stuff
ok so 400 to 3200 dpi in 400 dpi steps I
like that it's quite a bit finer than
some of the other gaming mice that I've
seen out there acceleration up to 10 G's
polling rate is dynamic up to 500 or
Hertz so that is 500 times per second
tracking speed is up to 1.2 m/s Wow good
luck moving a mouse that fast ok
everything else here is fairly
straightforward ok LED colors are red
blue and purple for each mode alright
cool nothing on this side on the other
side we see oh yeah we already looked at
this read map programmable buttons and
create custom macros with the powerful
ST software ok that's something I didn't
see before
for user-definable dpi settings and 9
user definable commands via 3
programmable buttons and a
three-position mode switch ok so why
don't we start getting this thing open I
can figure out how to open the box I had
a lot of trouble with the rat 7 as I
recall so there's actually 4 mice in the
rat series there's 3 the 5 the 7 and the
9 so they've conveniently built
themselves in enough room to do an
entire upgraded series called the 4 6 8
and 10 I guess so the main differences
are in terms of how much customization
there is ok
the rat 7 you can change almost every
dimension of the mouse even how much
customization there is and what features
it has so the rat 9 for example is
basically a wireless version of the rat
7 just in case they were wondering what
is the difference between the night and
the seventh
so yeah this packaging is just a total
bear to get open there we go aha
so let's finally accessories here inside
first there we go
so cyborg so it's a state tech brand oh
geez I believe for Mad Catz brand so
sort of brand within a brand within a
brand ultimately as long as it's good
stuff it doesn't really matter okay so
here we go cyborg gaming dot-com because
uh here we go here's a summary look at
that they're gonna make life easy for me
okay so oh why so these are the
keyboards okay so there's the clip
cyborg keyboard they're just a fly okay
oh no flies a joystick aha that helps
okay product guy I love this okay so the
three for user-definable DPI settings
okay the five has 30 grams of removable
weights I don't believe we're gonna find
removable weights and the 315 user
definable commands via five programmable
buttons so there's one of the
differences there at seven yes
interchangeable pinky and palm rests for
use of user definable DPI settings
precision aim mode that one is the fully
featured mouse and then the rat nine is
the wireless version of that guy okay so
let's look at the rat three Mouse and
see what we think of it
really okay they've fastened it with a
twist I hear I was like I can't let's
come out and then I realized why I came
to move so they trashed the packaging
you all right so let's see what we can
adjust oh it looks like we do have some
adjustments we have we have more
customizability than I had originally
thought so here we go let's have a
closer look at this guy first of all
we've got the hex key right here so that
one is to slide this back and forth okay
next we have a hex key over here and
that one mmm how does that move it guess
I'll have to figure this out off-camera
okay so I have figured it out the rat
three is not adjustable in any way these
are to label the back and forward
buttons so let's go through everything
that is included on this mouse why don't
we start with the forward and back
buttons so these are programmable
buttons you can change what you want
them to do and that is a pretty cool
thing okay here we have indicator LEDs
for the DPI setting so you have up to
four user definable dpi settings and you
can pick the mode here that you desire
okay and there's also a dpi adjusting
button here okay this is rapid-fire this
is your right-click which is not
rapid-fire okay over here on the other
side you have no buttons now unlike the
higher end mice the rat 3 does not
include like a metal plate on the bottom
it is a fully plastic design you have a
oh yeah you have a middle click as well
as a mouse wheel should show you that
this is just for show as far as I can
tell it's kind of like a cool like
cooling pipe looking thing that's built
right into the mouse now it's quite even
though it looks like there's kind of
pieces missing and it might not be
comfortable it actually fits quite
nicely into like a claw type grip and
the thing about that particular grip is
it's pretty flexible you can use a small
mouse whether you have small hands or
big hands you should be able to hold the
rat 3 fair
comfortably for gaming so there's your
laser sensor on the bottom and I forget
how many dpi it is 3200 dpi laser sensor
it's actually labeled right there good
for me and there are your slippy pads on
the bottom of the mouse including a very
large one over your thumb because that's
probably where you're going to be
putting a lot of pressure
if you hold a mouse anything like the
way that I do so thank you for checking
out my unboxing of the rat 3 don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
for more unboxings and other computer
and gaming style videos with me as your
gold plated USB connector look at that
even has a little less cyborg logo on it